[Doc] Graph Construction PR Refactor - PR1: GSProcessing Doc Refactor (#907)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/graph-construction/gs-processing/gs-processing-prerequisites-index.rst

===================================

> GraphStorm Processing Prerequisites

Reviewer: add `Distributed`

===================================

> The following sections outline essential prerequisites and provide a detailed guide to using GSProcessing

Reviewer: I can hardly map this paragraph to the below three sections. It seems the order is incorrect because the example section is in the 3rd position below, but the description said it is the 2nd one.

===================================
GraphStorm Processing Prerequisites
===================================

GraphStorm Distributed Data Processing (GSProcessing) allows you to process
and prepare massive graph data for training with GraphStorm. GSProcessing takes
care of generating unique ids for nodes, using them to encode edge structure files,
process individual features and prepare the data to be passed into the distributed
partitioning and training pipeline of GraphStorm.

We use PySpark to achieve horizontal parallelism, allowing us to scale to graphs with billions of nodes and edges.

> The following documents outline essential prerequisites and provide a detailed guide to using GSProcessing
> effectively. The first document initiates GSProcessing, offering a step-by-step walkthrough to get you started.
> The second document provides a comprehensive example, showcasing the full workflow of GSProcessing.
> Finally, the third document demonstrates how to set up and configure distributed resources,
> enabling scalable and efficient processing using AWS resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following sections outline essential prerequisites and provide a detailed guide to using GSProcessing
effectively. The first section provides an introduction to GSProcessing, how to install it locally and a quick example of its input configuration.
The second section provides a comprehensive example, showcasing the full workflow of GSProcessing using a toy graph that we process locally.
Finally, the third section demonstrates how to set up GSProcessing for distributed processing,
enabling scalable and efficient processing using AWS resources.
```

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1
  :titlesonly:

  gs-processing-getting-started.rst

>   usage/example.rst

Reviewer 3: Shall we go `usage/distributed-processing-setup.rst` first and then `usage/example.rst`?

Author: Right, I will make that change.
